README.md, before:

# Deep Learning Resources

>Trying to organise the vast majority of Deep Learning resources that I encounter.

If you want to contribute, feel free to make a pull request.

# Table of Contents

1. [Online Courses](#online-courses)
2. [Free Online Books](#free-online-books)
3. [Online Videos](#videos)
4. [Papers](#papers)
5. [Frameworks](#frameworks)
6. [Heros](#heros)
7. [Datasets](#datasets)
8. [Conferences](#conferences)
9. [Communities](#communities)
10. [Blogs](#blogs)
11. [Jupyter notebooks](#jupyter-notebooks)
12. [Build your own DL Machine](#build-your-own-dl-machine)

## Online Courses

1. [Machine Learning- Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning/) Andrew Ng - Stanford
2. [Deep Learning Specialization - Coursera](https://www.deeplearning.ai/) Andrew Ng - DeepLearning.ai
3. [Advanced Machine Learning Specialization - Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/aml) Higher School of economics - National Research University
4. [Fast.ai](http://www.fast.ai/) Fast.ai
  * [2018](http://course.fast.ai/)
  * [2017](http://course17.fast.ai/)
5. [Deep Learning](https://classroom.udacity.com/courses/ud730) Udacity
6. [MIT 6.S094: Deep Learning for Self-Driving Cars](https://selfdrivingcars.mit.edu/) - MIT
7. [6.S191: Introduction to Deep Learning](http://introtodeeplearning.com/) - MIT
8. [CS231n: Convolutional Neural Networks for Visual Recognition](http://vision.stanford.edu/teaching/cs231n/syllabus.html) Fei-Fei Li - Stanford

## Free Online Books
1. [Deep Learning Book](http://www.deeplearningbook.org/) - Ian Goodfellow and Yoshua Bengio and Aaron Courville (11/2016)
2. [Neural Networks and Deep Learning](http://neuralnetworksanddeeplearning.com/) - Michael Nielsen (12/2017)

## Videos


## Frameworks
1. [Tensorflow](https://www.tensorflow.org/)
2. [Keras](https://keras.io/)
3. [Caffe](http://caffe.berkeleyvision.org/)
4. [Caffe2](https://caffe2.ai)
5. [CNTK](https://github.com/Microsoft/CNTK)
6. [Theano](http://www.deeplearning.net/software/theano/)
7. [PyTorch](http://pytorch.org/)
8. [Apache MXNet](http://mxnet.incubator.apache.org/)
9. [Chainer](https://chainer.org/)
10. [Deeplearning4j](https://deeplearning4j.org/)
11. [Deeplearn.js](https://deeplearnjs.org/)

## Heros
TODO

## Datasets
TODO

## Papers
TODO

## Conferences
TODO

## Communities
1. [Artificial Intelligence & Deep Learning](https://www.facebook.com/groups/DeepNetGroup)
2. 

## Blogs
1. [Zero to Singularity](https://www.zerotosingularity.com) - Adventures in Deep Learning

## Jupyter Notebooks
1. [Deep Learning with Python Notebooks](https://github.com/fchollet/deep-learning-with-python-notebooks) - François Chollet

## Build Your own DL Machine
1. [Build a Deep Learning Rig for $800](https://towardsdatascience.com/build-a-deep-learning-rig-for-800-4434e21a424f)
2. [Building your own deep learning box](https://towardsdatascience.com/building-your-own-deep-learning-box-47b918aea1eb)
3. [The $1700 great Deep Learning box: Assembly, setup and benchmarks](The $1700 great Deep Learning box: Assembly, setup and benchmarks)
4. [Build your 1st Deep Learning Rig](https://blog.prolego.io/build-your-1st-deep-learning-rig-6f749f63798d)

Commit message:

Add links to Build your machine / Miscellaneous

README.md, after:

# Deep Learning Resources

>Trying to organise the vast majority of Deep Learning resources that I encounter.

If you want to contribute, feel free to make a pull request.

# Table of Contents

1. [Online Courses](#online-courses)
2. [Free Online Books](#free-online-books)
3. [Online Videos](#videos)
4. [Papers](#papers)
5. [Frameworks](#frameworks)
6. [Heros](#heros)
7. [Datasets](#datasets)
8. [Conferences](#conferences)
9. [Communities](#communities)
10. [Blogs](#blogs)
11. [Jupyter notebooks](#jupyter-notebooks)
12. [Build your own DL Machine](#build-your-own-dl-machine)]
13. [Miscellaneous](#miscellaneous)

## Online Courses

1. [Machine Learning- Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning/) Andrew Ng - Stanford
2. [Deep Learning Specialization - Coursera](https://www.deeplearning.ai/) Andrew Ng - DeepLearning.ai
3. [Advanced Machine Learning Specialization - Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/aml) Higher School of economics - National Research University
4. [Fast.ai](http://www.fast.ai/) Fast.ai
  * [2018](http://course.fast.ai/)
  * [2017](http://course17.fast.ai/)
5. [Deep Learning](https://classroom.udacity.com/courses/ud730) Udacity
6. [MIT 6.S094: Deep Learning for Self-Driving Cars](https://selfdrivingcars.mit.edu/) - MIT
7. [6.S191: Introduction to Deep Learning](http://introtodeeplearning.com/) - MIT
8. [CS231n: Convolutional Neural Networks for Visual Recognition](http://vision.stanford.edu/teaching/cs231n/syllabus.html) Fei-Fei Li - Stanford

## Free Online Books
1. [Deep Learning Book](http://www.deeplearningbook.org/) - Ian Goodfellow and Yoshua Bengio and Aaron Courville (11/2016)
2. [Neural Networks and Deep Learning](http://neuralnetworksanddeeplearning.com/) - Michael Nielsen (12/2017)

## Videos


## Frameworks
1. [Tensorflow](https://www.tensorflow.org/)
2. [Keras](https://keras.io/)
3. [Caffe](http://caffe.berkeleyvision.org/)
4. [Caffe2](https://caffe2.ai)
5. [CNTK](https://github.com/Microsoft/CNTK)
6. [Theano](http://www.deeplearning.net/software/theano/)
7. [PyTorch](http://pytorch.org/)
8. [Apache MXNet](http://mxnet.incubator.apache.org/)
9. [Chainer](https://chainer.org/)
10. [Deeplearning4j](https://deeplearning4j.org/)
11. [Deeplearn.js](https://deeplearnjs.org/)

## Heros
TODO

## Datasets
TODO

## Papers
TODO

## Conferences
TODO

## Communities
1. [Artificial Intelligence & Deep Learning](https://www.facebook.com/groups/DeepNetGroup)
2. 

## Blogs
1. [Zero to Singularity](https://www.zerotosingularity.com) - Adventures in Deep Learning

## Jupyter Notebooks
1. [Deep Learning with Python Notebooks](https://github.com/fchollet/deep-learning-with-python-notebooks) - François Chollet

## Build Your own DL Machine
1. [Build a Deep Learning Rig for $800](https://towardsdatascience.com/build-a-deep-learning-rig-for-800-4434e21a424f)
2. [Building your own deep learning box](https://towardsdatascience.com/building-your-own-deep-learning-box-47b918aea1eb)
3. [The $1700 great Deep Learning box: Assembly, setup and benchmarks](https://blog.slavv.com/the-1700-great-deep-learning-box-assembly-setup-and-benchmarks-148c5ebe6415)
4. [Build your 1st Deep Learning Rig](https://blog.prolego.io/build-your-1st-deep-learning-rig-6f749f63798d)
5. [Which GPU(s) to Get for Deep Learning: My Experience and Advice for Using GPUs in Deep Learning (Tim Dettmers)](http://timdettmers.com/2017/04/09/which-gpu-for-deep-learning/)
6. [GPU Benchmark](http://gpu.userbenchmark.com/)
7. [Choosing Components for Personal Deep Learning Machine](https://medium.com/mlreview/choosing-components-for-personal-deep-learning-machine-56bae813e34a)

## Miscellaneous
1. [ec2-spotter](https://github.com/atramos/ec2-spotter)
