scripts/README.md, before:

# Deep Learning Resources

>Trying to organise the vast majority of Deep Learning resources that I encounter.

If you want to contribute, feel free to make a pull request.

# Table of Contents

1. [Benchmarking](#benchmarking)
2. [Blogs](#blogs)
3. [Books](#books)
4. [Build Your Own Dl Machine](#build-your-own-dl-machine)
5. [Communities](#communities)
6. [Conferences](#conferences)
7. [Datasets](#datasets)
8. [Frameworks](#frameworks)
9. [Gan](#gan)
10. [Github Repositories](#github-repositories)
11. [Infrastructure](#infrastructure)
12. [Jupyter Notebooks](#jupyter-notebooks)
13. [Math & Statistics](#math-&-statistics)
14. [Miscellaneous](#miscellaneous)
15. [Models](#models)
16. [Online Courses](#online-courses)
17. [Papers](#papers)
18. [Playgrounds](#playgrounds)
19. [Python Libraries](#python-libraries)
20. [Research](#research)
21. [Resources From Courses](#resources-from-courses)
22. [Tips](#tips)


## Benchmarking

1. [RedditSota/state-of-the-art-result-for-machine-learning-problems: This repository provides state of the art (SoTA) results for all machine learning problems. We do our best to keep this repository up to date. If you do find a problem's SoTA result is out of date or missing, please raise this as an issue or submit Google form (with this information: research paper name, dataset, metric, source code and year). We will fix it immediately.](https://github.com/RedditSota/state-of-the-art-result-for-machine-learning-problems#supervised-learning)
2. [EpistasisLab/penn-ml-benchmarks: A large, curated repository of benchmark datasets for evaluating supervised machine learning algorithms.](https://github.com/EpistasisLab/penn-ml-benchmarks)
3. [MLPerf](https://mlperf.org/)


## Blogs

1. [Zero to Singularity](https://www.zerotosingularity.com/)
2. [Google Research](https://research.googleblog.com/)
3. [Microsoft ML Blog](https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/machinelearning/)
4. [Apple ML Blog](https://machinelearning.apple.com/)
5. [Foldl](http://www.foldl.me/)
6. [Jonas Degrave](http://317070.github.io/)
7. [xzh](http://xzh.me/posts/)
8. [Andrew Gibiansky](http://andrew.gibiansky.com/archive.html)
9. [Otoro](http://blog.otoro.net/)
10. [No free hunch - The official Kaggle Blog](http://blog.kaggle.com/)
11. [Calculated content](https://calculatedcontent.com/)
12. [deeplearning.net](http://deeplearning.net/blog/)
13. [Andrej Karpathy](https://medium.com/@karpathy/)
14. [Colah](http://colah.github.io/)
15. [WildML](http://www.wildml.com/)
16. [I am trask](http://iamtrask.github.io/)
17. [Towards Data Science](https://towardsdatascience.com/)
18. [Machine Learning, Data Science, Big Data, Analytics, AI](https://www.kdnuggets.com/)
19. [Research Blog](https://research.googleblog.com/)


## Books

1. [Deep Learning Book - Ian Goodfellow and Yoshua Bengio and Aaron Courville (11/2016)](http://www.deeplearningbook.org/)
2. [Neural Networks and Deep Learning - Michael Nielsen (12/2017)](http://neuralnetworksanddeeplearning.com/)
3. [Hands-on Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn and Tensorflow - Aurélien Géron (3/2017)](http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920052289.do)


## Build Your Own Dl Machine

1. [Build a Deep Learning Rig for $800](https://towardsdatascience.com/build-a-deep-learning-rig-for-800-4434e21a424f)
2. [Building your own deep learning box](https://towardsdatascience.com/building-your-own-deep-learning-box-47b918aea1eb)
3. [The $1700 great Deep Learning box: Assembly, setup and benchmarks](https://blog.slavv.com/the-1700-great-deep-learning-box-assembly-setup-and-benchmarks-148c5ebe6415)
4. [Build your 1st Deep Learning Rig](https://blog.prolego.io/build-your-1st-deep-learning-rig-6f749f63798d)
5. [Which GPU(s) to Get for Deep Learning: My Experience and Advice for Using GPUs in Deep Learning (Tim Dettmers)](http://timdettmers.com/2017/04/09/which-gpu-for-deep-learning/)
6. [GPU Benchmark](http://gpu.userbenchmark.com/)
7. [Choosing Components for Personal Deep Learning Machine](https://medium.com/mlreview/choosing-components-for-personal-deep-learning-machine-56bae813e34a)


## Communities

1. [Artificial Intelligence & Deep Learning](https://www.facebook.com/groups/DeepNetGroup)
2. [Deep Learning](https://www.facebook.com/groups/DeepLearnng)
3. [AI & Deep Learning Enthusiasts Worldwide](https://www.facebook.com/groups/AI.DL.Enthusiasts/)
4. [Artificial Intelligence & Deep Learning - DeepNetGroup](https://www.facebook.com/groups/DeepNetGroup/)
5. [Deep Learning / AI](https://www.facebook.com/groups/1738168866424224/)
6. [Self-Driving car with Deep Learning](https://www.facebook.com/groups/sdcdl/)
7. [Artificial intelligence & Deep learning](https://www.facebook.com/groups/AIStories/)


## Conferences

1. [NIPS](https://nips.cc/)
2. [ICML](https://icml.cc/)
3. [CVPS](http://cvpr2018.thecvf.com/)
4. [ECCV](https://eccv2018.org/)
5. [ICLR - International Conference on Learning Representations](https://iclr.cc/)


## Datasets

1. [Deeplearning.net / Datasets](http://deeplearning.net/datasets/)
2. [Google Street View House Numbers (SVHN)](http://ufldl.stanford.edu/housenumbers/)
3. [MNIST](http://yann.lecun.com/exdb/mnist/)
4. [Tiny images](http://groups.csail.mit.edu/vision/TinyImages/)
5. [One Hundred Million Creative Commons Flickr Images for Research](https://yahooresearch.tumblr.com/post/89783581601/one-hundred-million-creative-commons-flickr-images)


## Frameworks

1. [Tensorflow](https://www.tensorflow.org/)
2. [Keras](https://keras.io/)
3. [Caffe](http://caffe.berkeleyvision.org/)
4. [Caffe2](https://caffe2.ai/)
5. [CNTK](https://github.com/Microsoft/CNTK)
6. [Theano](http://www.deeplearning.net/software/theano/)
7. [PyTorch](http://pytorch.org/)
8. [Apache MXNet](http://mxnet.incubator.apache.org/)
9. [Chainer](https://chainer.org/)
10. [Deeplearning4j](https://deeplearning4j.org/)
11. [Deeplearn.js](https://deeplearnjs.org/)
12. [Fast.ai](https://github.com/fastai/fastai)
13. [Lore](https://github.com/instacart/lore)
14. [Brain.js](https://github.com/BrainJS)
15. [XGBoost](https://github.com/dmlc/xgboost)
16. [Libsvm](https://www.csie.ntu.edu.tw/~cjlin/libsvm/)
17. [SciKit Learn](http://scikit-learn.org/)
18. [Gluon](https://github.com/gluon-api/gluon-api)
19. [Knet](https://github.com/denizyuret/Knet.jl)
20. [TensorLayer](https://github.com/tensorlayer/tensorlayer)
21. [Keras-Sharp](https://github.com/cesarsouza/keras-sharp)
22. [Pyro](https://eng.uber.com/pyro/)


## Gan

1. [Progressive Growing of GANs for Improved Quality, Stability, and Variation | Research](http://research.nvidia.com/publication/2017-10_Progressive-Growing-of)
2. [High-Resolution Image Synthesis and Semantic Manipulation with Conditional GANs](https://tcwang0509.github.io/pix2pixHD/)
3. [junyanz/CycleGAN: Software that can generate photos from paintings, turn horses into zebras, perform style transfer, and more.](https://github.com/junyanz/CycleGAN)
4. [junyanz/pytorch-CycleGAN-and-pix2pix: Image-to-image translation in PyTorch (e.g. horse2zebra, edges2cats, and more)](https://github.com/junyanz/pytorch-CycleGAN-and-pix2pix)
5. [junyanz/BicycleGAN: [NIPS 2017] Toward Multimodal Image-to-Image Translation](https://github.com/junyanz/BicycleGAN)
6. [deepfakes/faceswap: Non official project based on original /r/Deepfakes thread. Many thanks to him!](https://github.com/deepfakes/faceswap)
7. [faceswap-GAN/notes at master · shaoanlu/faceswap-GAN](https://github.com/shaoanlu/faceswap-GAN/tree/master/notes)
8. [yunjey/StarGAN: PyTorch Implementation of StarGAN - CVPR 2018](https://github.com/yunjey/StarGAN)


## Github Repositories

1. [Hands-on Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn & Tensorflow](https://github.com/ageron/handson-ml)
2. [Open.ai gym](https://github.com/openai/gym)
3. [deepmind/lab: A customisable 3D platform for agent-based AI research](https://github.com/deepmind/lab)
4. [DeepMind](https://github.com/deepmind)
5. [fast.ai](https://github.com/fastai)
6. [OpenAI](https://github.com/openai)
7. [deep-painterly-harmonization/README.md at master · luanfujun/deep-painterly-harmonization](https://github.com/luanfujun/deep-painterly-harmonization/blob/master/README.md)
8. [pytorch/examples: A set of examples around pytorch in Vision, Text, Reinforcement Learning, etc.](https://github.com/pytorch/examples)


## Infrastructure

1. [Paperspace](https://www.paperspace.com/)
2. [Crestle](https://www.crestle.com/)
3. [Microsoft Azure](https://portal.azure.com/)
4. [AWS Amazon](https://aws.amazon.com/)
5. [Google Compute Engine](https://cloud.google.com/)


## Jupyter Notebooks

1. [Deep Learning with Python Notebooks](https://github.com/fchollet/deep-learning-with-python-notebooks)
2. [Jupyter Docker Deploy](https://github.com/jupyterhub/jupyterhub-deploy-docker)


## Math & Statistics

1. [Hands-on Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn and Tensorflow - Aurélien Géron (3/2017)](http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920052289.do)
2. [Probability and Statistics for Programmers](http://www.greenteapress.com/thinkstats/)
3. [Probabilistic Programming & Bayesian Methods for Hackers](http://camdavidsonpilon.github.io/Probabilistic-Programming-and-Bayesian-Methods-for-Hackers/)
4. [Understanding Machine Learning: from Theory to Algorithms](http://www.cs.huji.ac.il/~shais/UnderstandingMachineLearning/)
5. [Elements of statistical learning](https://web.stanford.edu/~hastie/ElemStatLearn/)
6. [An introduction to statistical learning](http://www-bcf.usc.edu/~gareth/ISL/)
7. [Foundations of data science](https://www.cs.cornell.edu/jeh/book.pdf)
8. [A programmer's guide to data Mining](http://guidetodatamining.com/)
9. [Mining massive datasets](http://mmds.org/)
10. [Machine learning yearning](http://www.mlyearning.org/)


## Miscellaneous

1. [ec2-spotter](https://github.com/atramos/ec2-spotter)
2. [Python styleguide](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/)
3. [Cycle-gan](https://github.com/junyanz/pytorch-CycleGAN-and-pix2pix)
4. [Some snippets](https://github.com/zerotosingularity/snippets)


## Models

1. [ModelDepot](https://modeldepot.io/)


## Online Courses

1. [Machine Learning- Coursera - Andrew Ng](https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning/)
2. [Deep Learning Specialization - Coursera](https://www.deeplearning.ai/)
3. [Advanced Machine Learning Specialization - Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/aml)
4. [Fast.ai](http://www.fast.ai/)
5. [Deep Learning Udacity](https://classroom.udacity.com/courses/ud730)
6. [MIT 6.S094: Deep Learning for Self-Driving Cars](https://selfdrivingcars.mit.edu/)
7. [6.S191: Introduction to Deep Learning](http://introtodeeplearning.com/)
8. [CS231n: Convolutional Neural Networks for Visual Recognition](http://vision.stanford.edu/teaching/cs231n/syllabus.html)
9. [Google's Machine learning crash course](https://developers.google.com/machine-learning/crash-course/)
10. [Google.ai](https://ai.google/education)


## Papers

1. [Deep Learning Papers Reading Roadmap](https://github.com/floodsung/Deep-Learning-Papers-Reading-Roadmap)
2. [Machine Theory of Mind - DeepMind](https://arxiv.org/abs/1802.07740)


## Playgrounds

1. [Tensorflow Playground](http://playground.tensorflow.org/)
2. [ConvNetJS](https://cs.stanford.edu/people/karpathy/convnetjs/)
3. [Google Collab](https://colab.research.google.com/)
4. [Azure Notebooks](https://notebooks.azure.com/)


## Python Libraries

1. [Numpy](http://www.numpy.org/)
2. [Pandas: Python Data Analysis Library](https://pandas.pydata.org/)
3. [seaborn: statistical data visualization](https://seaborn.pydata.org/)
4. [Scikit-Learn](http://scikit-learn.org/)
5. [PDL - Python Download library](https://github.com/zerotosingularity/pdl)


## Research

1. [Facebook AI | Tools | Open Source Deep Learning Tools](https://facebook.ai/developers/tools)
2. [Facebook AI Research – Facebook Research](https://research.fb.com/category/facebook-ai-research/)
3. [AI & Deep Learning Publications & Researchers | NVIDIA Research](https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/research/machine-learning-artificial-intelligence/)
4. [Berkeley Artificial Intelligence Research Lab](http://bair.berkeley.edu/)


## Resources From Courses

1. [Fast.ai - Lesson 1](http://course.fast.ai/lessons/lesson1.html)
  * [Introduction to Resnet models](https://github.com/KaimingHe/deep-residual-networks]
  * [Cyclical learning rates for training neural networks (paper)](http://arxiv.org/abs/1506.01186]
  * [Visually explained convolutions (site)](http://setosa.io/ev/image-kernels/]
  * [Sigmoid explained (online book chapter](http://neuralnetworksanddeeplearning.com/chap4.html]
  * [Visualizing and understanding convolutional networks (paper)](https://cs.nyu.edu/~fergus/papers/zeilerECCV2014.pdf]
  * [Snapshot emsembles](https://arxiv.org/abs/1704.00109]
  * [Kaggle-cli](https://github.com/floydwch/kaggle-cli]
2. [Fast.ai - Lesson 2](http://course.fast.ai/lessons/lesson2.html)
  * [Summary of lesson 2](https://medium.com/@apiltamang/case-study-a-world-class-image-classifier-for-dogs-and-cats-err-anything-9cf39ee4690e]
3. [Fast.ai - Lesson 3](http://course.fast.ai/lessons/lesson3.html)
  * [AWS Setup](https://github.com/reshamas/fastai_deeplearn_part1/blob/master/tools/aws_ami_gpu_setup.md]
  * [Tmux](https://github.com/reshamas/fastai_deeplearn_part1/blob/master/tools/tmux.md]
  * [Notes on fast.ai](https://github.com/reshamas/fastai_deeplearn_part1/tree/master/tools]
  * [Summary of Lesson 2](https://medium.com/@apiltamang/case-study-a-world-class-image-classifier-for-dogs-and-cats-err-anything-9cf39ee4690e]
  * [Learning rate finder](https://medium.com/@surmenok/estimating-optimal-learning-rate-for-a-deep-neural-network-ce32f2556ce0]
  * [Convolutional Neural Networks in 5 minutes](https://medium.com/@init_27/convolutional-neural-network-in-5-minutes-8f867eb9ca39]
  * [Visualizing learning rate vs batch rate](https://miguel-data-sc.github.io/2017-11-05-first/]
  * [Decoding the ResNet architecture](http://teleported.in/posts/decoding-resnet-architecture/]
  * [A practitioners' guide to PyTorch](https://medium.com/@radekosmulski/a-practitioners-guide-to-pytorch-1d0f6a238040]
4. [Fast.ai - Lesson 4](http://course.fast.ai/lessons/lesson4.html)
  * [Techburst: Improving the way we work with learning rate.](https://techburst.io/improving-the-way-we-work-with-learning-rate-5e99554f163b]
  * [validation sets](http://www.fast.ai/2017/11/13/validation-sets/]
  * [Teleported.in: The Cyclical Learning Rate technique](http://teleported.in/posts/cyclic-learning-rate/]
  * [Transfer Learning Using Differential Rates](https://towardsdatascience.com/transfer-learning-using-differential-learning-rates-638455797f00]
  * [Deep Learning, NLP, and Representations115](http://colah.github.io/posts/2014-07-NLP-RNNs-Representations/]
5. [Fast.ai - Lesson 5](http://course.fast.ai/lessons/lesson5.html)
  * [Structured Deep Learning](https://towardsdatascience.com/structured-deep-learning-b8ca4138b848]
  * [Fun with small image data-sets](https://towardsdatascience.com/fun-with-small-image-data-sets-part-2-54d683ca8c96]
6. [Fast.ai - Lesson 6](http://course.fast.ai/lessons/lesson6.html)
  * [Optimization for Deep Learning Highlights in 2017](http://ruder.io/deep-learning-optimization-2017/]
  * [Entity Embeddings of Categorical Variables](https://arxiv.org/abs/1604.06737]


## Tips

1. [28 Jupyter Notebook tips, tricks, and shortcuts](https://www.dataquest.io/blog/jupyter-notebook-tips-tricks-shortcuts/)
2. [Lesser known ways of using Jupyter Notebooks](https://blog.dominodatalab.com/lesser-known-ways-of-using-notebooks/)

Commit message:

fix pylint and add Lnkr API notice

scripts/README.md, after:

# Deep Learning Resources

    > Trying to organise the vast majority of    Deep Learning resources that I encounter.    

 If you want to contribute, feel free to make a pull request.    

 The Readme currently gets generated based on the Lnkr API     from [Zero to Singularity](https://zerotosingularity.com) at     [https: // lnkr.zerotosingularity.com](https: // lnkr.zerotosingularity.com)     which is currently not publicly available yet. Feel free to contact me at     jan@zerotosingularity.com if you would like to contribute.    

# Table of Contents

1. [Benchmarking](#benchmarking)
2. [Blogs](#blogs)
3. [Books](#books)
4. [Build Your Own Dl Machine](#build-your-own-dl-machine)
5. [Communities](#communities)
6. [Conferences](#conferences)
7. [Datasets](#datasets)
8. [Frameworks](#frameworks)
9. [Gan](#gan)
10. [Github Repositories](#github-repositories)
11. [Infrastructure](#infrastructure)
12. [Jupyter Notebooks](#jupyter-notebooks)
13. [Math & Statistics](#math-&-statistics)
14. [Miscellaneous](#miscellaneous)
15. [Models](#models)
16. [Online Courses](#online-courses)
17. [Papers](#papers)
18. [Playgrounds](#playgrounds)
19. [Python Libraries](#python-libraries)
20. [Research](#research)
21. [Resources From Courses](#resources-from-courses)
22. [Tips](#tips)


## Benchmarking

1. [RedditSota/state-of-the-art-result-for-machine-learning-problems: This repository provides state of the art (SoTA) results for all machine learning problems. We do our best to keep this repository up to date. If you do find a problem's SoTA result is out of date or missing, please raise this as an issue or submit Google form (with this information: research paper name, dataset, metric, source code and year). We will fix it immediately.](https://github.com/RedditSota/state-of-the-art-result-for-machine-learning-problems#supervised-learning)
2. [EpistasisLab/penn-ml-benchmarks: A large, curated repository of benchmark datasets for evaluating supervised machine learning algorithms.](https://github.com/EpistasisLab/penn-ml-benchmarks)
3. [MLPerf](https://mlperf.org/)


## Blogs

1. [Zero to Singularity](https://www.zerotosingularity.com/)
2. [Google Research](https://research.googleblog.com/)
3. [Microsoft ML Blog](https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/machinelearning/)
4. [Apple ML Blog](https://machinelearning.apple.com/)
5. [Foldl](http://www.foldl.me/)
6. [Jonas Degrave](http://317070.github.io/)
7. [xzh](http://xzh.me/posts/)
8. [Andrew Gibiansky](http://andrew.gibiansky.com/archive.html)
9. [Otoro](http://blog.otoro.net/)
10. [No free hunch - The official Kaggle Blog](http://blog.kaggle.com/)
11. [Calculated content](https://calculatedcontent.com/)
12. [deeplearning.net](http://deeplearning.net/blog/)
13. [Andrej Karpathy](https://medium.com/@karpathy/)
14. [Colah](http://colah.github.io/)
15. [WildML](http://www.wildml.com/)
16. [I am trask](http://iamtrask.github.io/)
17. [Towards Data Science](https://towardsdatascience.com/)
18. [Machine Learning, Data Science, Big Data, Analytics, AI](https://www.kdnuggets.com/)
19. [Research Blog](https://research.googleblog.com/)


## Books

1. [Deep Learning Book - Ian Goodfellow and Yoshua Bengio and Aaron Courville (11/2016)](http://www.deeplearningbook.org/)
2. [Neural Networks and Deep Learning - Michael Nielsen (12/2017)](http://neuralnetworksanddeeplearning.com/)
3. [Hands-on Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn and Tensorflow - Aurélien Géron (3/2017)](http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920052289.do)


## Build Your Own Dl Machine

1. [Build a Deep Learning Rig for $800](https://towardsdatascience.com/build-a-deep-learning-rig-for-800-4434e21a424f)
2. [Building your own deep learning box](https://towardsdatascience.com/building-your-own-deep-learning-box-47b918aea1eb)
3. [The $1700 great Deep Learning box: Assembly, setup and benchmarks](https://blog.slavv.com/the-1700-great-deep-learning-box-assembly-setup-and-benchmarks-148c5ebe6415)
4. [Build your 1st Deep Learning Rig](https://blog.prolego.io/build-your-1st-deep-learning-rig-6f749f63798d)
5. [Which GPU(s) to Get for Deep Learning: My Experience and Advice for Using GPUs in Deep Learning (Tim Dettmers)](http://timdettmers.com/2017/04/09/which-gpu-for-deep-learning/)
6. [GPU Benchmark](http://gpu.userbenchmark.com/)
7. [Choosing Components for Personal Deep Learning Machine](https://medium.com/mlreview/choosing-components-for-personal-deep-learning-machine-56bae813e34a)


## Communities

1. [Artificial Intelligence & Deep Learning](https://www.facebook.com/groups/DeepNetGroup)
2. [Deep Learning](https://www.facebook.com/groups/DeepLearnng)
3. [AI & Deep Learning Enthusiasts Worldwide](https://www.facebook.com/groups/AI.DL.Enthusiasts/)
4. [Artificial Intelligence & Deep Learning - DeepNetGroup](https://www.facebook.com/groups/DeepNetGroup/)
5. [Deep Learning / AI](https://www.facebook.com/groups/1738168866424224/)
6. [Self-Driving car with Deep Learning](https://www.facebook.com/groups/sdcdl/)
7. [Artificial intelligence & Deep learning](https://www.facebook.com/groups/AIStories/)


## Conferences

1. [NIPS](https://nips.cc/)
2. [ICML](https://icml.cc/)
3. [CVPS](http://cvpr2018.thecvf.com/)
4. [ECCV](https://eccv2018.org/)
5. [ICLR - International Conference on Learning Representations](https://iclr.cc/)


## Datasets

1. [Deeplearning.net / Datasets](http://deeplearning.net/datasets/)
2. [Google Street View House Numbers (SVHN)](http://ufldl.stanford.edu/housenumbers/)
3. [MNIST](http://yann.lecun.com/exdb/mnist/)
4. [Tiny images](http://groups.csail.mit.edu/vision/TinyImages/)
5. [One Hundred Million Creative Commons Flickr Images for Research](https://yahooresearch.tumblr.com/post/89783581601/one-hundred-million-creative-commons-flickr-images)


## Frameworks

1. [Tensorflow](https://www.tensorflow.org/)
2. [Keras](https://keras.io/)
3. [Caffe](http://caffe.berkeleyvision.org/)
4. [Caffe2](https://caffe2.ai/)
5. [CNTK](https://github.com/Microsoft/CNTK)
6. [Theano](http://www.deeplearning.net/software/theano/)
7. [PyTorch](http://pytorch.org/)
8. [Apache MXNet](http://mxnet.incubator.apache.org/)
9. [Chainer](https://chainer.org/)
10. [Deeplearning4j](https://deeplearning4j.org/)
11. [Deeplearn.js](https://deeplearnjs.org/)
12. [Fast.ai](https://github.com/fastai/fastai)
13. [Lore](https://github.com/instacart/lore)
14. [Brain.js](https://github.com/BrainJS)
15. [XGBoost](https://github.com/dmlc/xgboost)
16. [Libsvm](https://www.csie.ntu.edu.tw/~cjlin/libsvm/)
17. [SciKit Learn](http://scikit-learn.org/)
18. [Gluon](https://github.com/gluon-api/gluon-api)
19. [Knet](https://github.com/denizyuret/Knet.jl)
20. [TensorLayer](https://github.com/tensorlayer/tensorlayer)
21. [Keras-Sharp](https://github.com/cesarsouza/keras-sharp)
22. [Pyro](https://eng.uber.com/pyro/)


## Gan

1. [Progressive Growing of GANs for Improved Quality, Stability, and Variation | Research](http://research.nvidia.com/publication/2017-10_Progressive-Growing-of)
2. [High-Resolution Image Synthesis and Semantic Manipulation with Conditional GANs](https://tcwang0509.github.io/pix2pixHD/)
3. [junyanz/CycleGAN: Software that can generate photos from paintings, turn horses into zebras, perform style transfer, and more.](https://github.com/junyanz/CycleGAN)
4. [junyanz/pytorch-CycleGAN-and-pix2pix: Image-to-image translation in PyTorch (e.g. horse2zebra, edges2cats, and more)](https://github.com/junyanz/pytorch-CycleGAN-and-pix2pix)
5. [junyanz/BicycleGAN: [NIPS 2017] Toward Multimodal Image-to-Image Translation](https://github.com/junyanz/BicycleGAN)
6. [deepfakes/faceswap: Non official project based on original /r/Deepfakes thread. Many thanks to him!](https://github.com/deepfakes/faceswap)
7. [faceswap-GAN/notes at master · shaoanlu/faceswap-GAN](https://github.com/shaoanlu/faceswap-GAN/tree/master/notes)
8. [yunjey/StarGAN: PyTorch Implementation of StarGAN - CVPR 2018](https://github.com/yunjey/StarGAN)


## Github Repositories

1. [Hands-on Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn & Tensorflow](https://github.com/ageron/handson-ml)
2. [Open.ai gym](https://github.com/openai/gym)
3. [deepmind/lab: A customisable 3D platform for agent-based AI research](https://github.com/deepmind/lab)
4. [DeepMind](https://github.com/deepmind)
5. [fast.ai](https://github.com/fastai)
6. [OpenAI](https://github.com/openai)
7. [deep-painterly-harmonization/README.md at master · luanfujun/deep-painterly-harmonization](https://github.com/luanfujun/deep-painterly-harmonization/blob/master/README.md)
8. [pytorch/examples: A set of examples around pytorch in Vision, Text, Reinforcement Learning, etc.](https://github.com/pytorch/examples)


## Infrastructure

1. [Paperspace](https://www.paperspace.com/)
2. [Crestle](https://www.crestle.com/)
3. [Microsoft Azure](https://portal.azure.com/)
4. [AWS Amazon](https://aws.amazon.com/)
5. [Google Compute Engine](https://cloud.google.com/)


## Jupyter Notebooks

1. [Deep Learning with Python Notebooks](https://github.com/fchollet/deep-learning-with-python-notebooks)
2. [Jupyter Docker Deploy](https://github.com/jupyterhub/jupyterhub-deploy-docker)


## Math & Statistics

1. [Hands-on Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn and Tensorflow - Aurélien Géron (3/2017)](http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920052289.do)
2. [Probability and Statistics for Programmers](http://www.greenteapress.com/thinkstats/)
3. [Probabilistic Programming & Bayesian Methods for Hackers](http://camdavidsonpilon.github.io/Probabilistic-Programming-and-Bayesian-Methods-for-Hackers/)
4. [Understanding Machine Learning: from Theory to Algorithms](http://www.cs.huji.ac.il/~shais/UnderstandingMachineLearning/)
5. [Elements of statistical learning](https://web.stanford.edu/~hastie/ElemStatLearn/)
6. [An introduction to statistical learning](http://www-bcf.usc.edu/~gareth/ISL/)
7. [Foundations of data science](https://www.cs.cornell.edu/jeh/book.pdf)
8. [A programmer's guide to data Mining](http://guidetodatamining.com/)
9. [Mining massive datasets](http://mmds.org/)
10. [Machine learning yearning](http://www.mlyearning.org/)


## Miscellaneous

1. [ec2-spotter](https://github.com/atramos/ec2-spotter)
2. [Python styleguide](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/)
3. [Cycle-gan](https://github.com/junyanz/pytorch-CycleGAN-and-pix2pix)
4. [Some snippets](https://github.com/zerotosingularity/snippets)


## Models

1. [ModelDepot](https://modeldepot.io/)


## Online Courses

1. [Machine Learning- Coursera - Andrew Ng](https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning/)
2. [Deep Learning Specialization - Coursera](https://www.deeplearning.ai/)
3. [Advanced Machine Learning Specialization - Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/aml)
4. [Fast.ai](http://www.fast.ai/)
5. [Deep Learning Udacity](https://classroom.udacity.com/courses/ud730)
6. [MIT 6.S094: Deep Learning for Self-Driving Cars](https://selfdrivingcars.mit.edu/)
7. [6.S191: Introduction to Deep Learning](http://introtodeeplearning.com/)
8. [CS231n: Convolutional Neural Networks for Visual Recognition](http://vision.stanford.edu/teaching/cs231n/syllabus.html)
9. [Google's Machine learning crash course](https://developers.google.com/machine-learning/crash-course/)
10. [Google.ai](https://ai.google/education)


## Papers

1. [Deep Learning Papers Reading Roadmap](https://github.com/floodsung/Deep-Learning-Papers-Reading-Roadmap)
2. [Machine Theory of Mind - DeepMind](https://arxiv.org/abs/1802.07740)


## Playgrounds

1. [Tensorflow Playground](http://playground.tensorflow.org/)
2. [ConvNetJS](https://cs.stanford.edu/people/karpathy/convnetjs/)
3. [Google Collab](https://colab.research.google.com/)
4. [Azure Notebooks](https://notebooks.azure.com/)


## Python Libraries

1. [Numpy](http://www.numpy.org/)
2. [Pandas: Python Data Analysis Library](https://pandas.pydata.org/)
3. [seaborn: statistical data visualization](https://seaborn.pydata.org/)
4. [Scikit-Learn](http://scikit-learn.org/)
5. [PDL - Python Download library](https://github.com/zerotosingularity/pdl)


## Research

1. [Facebook AI | Tools | Open Source Deep Learning Tools](https://facebook.ai/developers/tools)
2. [Facebook AI Research – Facebook Research](https://research.fb.com/category/facebook-ai-research/)
3. [AI & Deep Learning Publications & Researchers | NVIDIA Research](https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/research/machine-learning-artificial-intelligence/)
4. [Berkeley Artificial Intelligence Research Lab](http://bair.berkeley.edu/)


## Resources From Courses

1. [Fast.ai - Lesson 1](http://course.fast.ai/lessons/lesson1.html)
  * [Introduction to Resnet models](https://github.com/KaimingHe/deep-residual-networks]
  * [Cyclical learning rates for training neural networks (paper)](http://arxiv.org/abs/1506.01186]
  * [Visually explained convolutions (site)](http://setosa.io/ev/image-kernels/]
  * [Sigmoid explained (online book chapter](http://neuralnetworksanddeeplearning.com/chap4.html]
  * [Visualizing and understanding convolutional networks (paper)](https://cs.nyu.edu/~fergus/papers/zeilerECCV2014.pdf]
  * [Snapshot emsembles](https://arxiv.org/abs/1704.00109]
  * [Kaggle-cli](https://github.com/floydwch/kaggle-cli]
2. [Fast.ai - Lesson 2](http://course.fast.ai/lessons/lesson2.html)
  * [Summary of lesson 2](https://medium.com/@apiltamang/case-study-a-world-class-image-classifier-for-dogs-and-cats-err-anything-9cf39ee4690e]
3. [Fast.ai - Lesson 3](http://course.fast.ai/lessons/lesson3.html)
  * [AWS Setup](https://github.com/reshamas/fastai_deeplearn_part1/blob/master/tools/aws_ami_gpu_setup.md]
  * [Tmux](https://github.com/reshamas/fastai_deeplearn_part1/blob/master/tools/tmux.md]
  * [Notes on fast.ai](https://github.com/reshamas/fastai_deeplearn_part1/tree/master/tools]
  * [Summary of Lesson 2](https://medium.com/@apiltamang/case-study-a-world-class-image-classifier-for-dogs-and-cats-err-anything-9cf39ee4690e]
  * [Learning rate finder](https://medium.com/@surmenok/estimating-optimal-learning-rate-for-a-deep-neural-network-ce32f2556ce0]
  * [Convolutional Neural Networks in 5 minutes](https://medium.com/@init_27/convolutional-neural-network-in-5-minutes-8f867eb9ca39]
  * [Visualizing learning rate vs batch rate](https://miguel-data-sc.github.io/2017-11-05-first/]
  * [Decoding the ResNet architecture](http://teleported.in/posts/decoding-resnet-architecture/]
  * [A practitioners' guide to PyTorch](https://medium.com/@radekosmulski/a-practitioners-guide-to-pytorch-1d0f6a238040]
4. [Fast.ai - Lesson 4](http://course.fast.ai/lessons/lesson4.html)
  * [Techburst: Improving the way we work with learning rate.](https://techburst.io/improving-the-way-we-work-with-learning-rate-5e99554f163b]
  * [validation sets](http://www.fast.ai/2017/11/13/validation-sets/]
  * [Teleported.in: The Cyclical Learning Rate technique](http://teleported.in/posts/cyclic-learning-rate/]
  * [Transfer Learning Using Differential Rates](https://towardsdatascience.com/transfer-learning-using-differential-learning-rates-638455797f00]
  * [Deep Learning, NLP, and Representations115](http://colah.github.io/posts/2014-07-NLP-RNNs-Representations/]
5. [Fast.ai - Lesson 5](http://course.fast.ai/lessons/lesson5.html)
  * [Structured Deep Learning](https://towardsdatascience.com/structured-deep-learning-b8ca4138b848]
  * [Fun with small image data-sets](https://towardsdatascience.com/fun-with-small-image-data-sets-part-2-54d683ca8c96]
6. [Fast.ai - Lesson 6](http://course.fast.ai/lessons/lesson6.html)
  * [Optimization for Deep Learning Highlights in 2017](http://ruder.io/deep-learning-optimization-2017/]
  * [Entity Embeddings of Categorical Variables](https://arxiv.org/abs/1604.06737]


## Tips

1. [28 Jupyter Notebook tips, tricks, and shortcuts](https://www.dataquest.io/blog/jupyter-notebook-tips-tricks-shortcuts/)
2. [Lesser known ways of using Jupyter Notebooks](https://blog.dominodatalab.com/lesser-known-ways-of-using-notebooks/)
